(fix): move zarr import inside try-catch in test helpers (#1343)
scverse/anndata: docs/release-notes/0.10.6.md

```{rubric} Bugfix
```

> * Do not raise `ImportError` when `zarr` is imported in `anndata.tests.helpers` due to `scanpy` relying on functionality there. {pr}`1343` {user}`ilan-gold`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Defer import of zarr in test helpers, as scanpy CI job relies on them {pr}`1343` {user}`ilan-gold`
```

I'd prefer not advertising the private module.
